---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oam-v1alpha1_ping_list Data Source - oam-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# oam-v1alpha1_ping_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) Ping allows a ping to be initiated to a specific address on node/set of nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) PingStatus defines the observed state of Ping (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Address to ping.
This is a single IP address (IPv4 or IPv6) or a hostname that resolves to an IP address.
- `count` (Number) Count is the number of pings to send.
- `network_instance` (String) The network instance to use for the ping. This is the named network instance on the node, typically "default" or some other base name.
If not specified, the default network instance will be used, which is typically the main/default/global network interface on the node.
- `node_selectors` (List of String) List of selectors to select nodes to perform pings on.
This matches labels on TopoNode resources, including those TopoNodes in the list of nodes that pings will be performed on.
If no nodes are specified, and no node selectors are specified, all nodes in the given namespace will be selected.
- `nodes` (List of String) List of nodes to perform pings from.
Items in the list should be the names of the nodes, where each node will have a ping performed on it.
If no nodes are specified, and no node selectors are specified, all nodes in the given namespace will be selected.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) TimeoutSeconds is the timeout for the ping in seconds.


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `details` (Attributes List) Details contains the results of the pings performed on each node.
Each entry in the list corresponds to a node that was pinged. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--details))
- `result` (String) Result is the overall result of the ping operation.
It can be one of the following values:
- "Success": All pings were successful.
- "Failed": No pings were successful.
- "PartialSuccess": Some pings were successful, but not all.

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.details`

Read-Only:

- `details_1` (Attributes) Details of the ping result, if available. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--details--details_1))
- `error` (String) Error message, if the ping failed.
- `network_instance` (String) Network instance used to source the ping from.
- `node` (String) Node the ping was sourced from.
- `success` (Boolean) Indicates if the ping was successful.

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--details--details_1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.details.details_1`

Read-Only:

- `average_time_nanoseconds` (Number) Average time taken for a ping reply.
- `max_time_nanoseconds` (Number) Maximum time taken for a ping reply.
- `min_time_nanoseconds` (Number) Minimum time taken for a ping reply.
- `received` (Number) Number of pings received.
- `sent` (Number) Number of pings sent.
- `std_dev_nanoseconds` (Number) Standard deviation of time taken for all pings.
- `total_time_nanoseconds` (Number) Total time taken for all pings.
