---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oam-v1alpha1_tech_support_list Data Source - oam-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# oam-v1alpha1_tech_support_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) Generate technical support packages for a node or set of nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) Result of the technical support package generation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `node_selectors` (List of String) List of node selectors to select nodes generate technical support packages for.
This matches labels on TopoNode resources.
If no nodes are specified, and no node selectors are specified, all nodes in the given namespace will be selected.
This is a list of label expressions, e.g. ["eda.nokia.com/role=leaf"].
- `nodes` (List of String) List of nodes to generate and collect technical support packages for.


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) Id
- `result` (String) Result
