---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oam-v1alpha1_threshold_list Data Source - oam-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# oam-v1alpha1_threshold_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) A Threshold allows you to monitor a field in EDB and trigger severity-correct alarms based on the value of that field.
By using EDB as a source you are able to trigger thresholds on any published field from a TopoNode, or any other EDB source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ThresholdStatus defines the observed state of Threshold (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `alarm` (Attributes) Alarm details for this threshold. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--alarm))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable this threshold.
- `field` (String) Field to monitor for this threshold, for example `utilization`.
- `generate_overlay` (Boolean) Enable or disable generation of a topology overlay for this threshold.
- `name` (String) The name of this threshold. This name will be used to generate the alarm name, so should follow CamelCase conventions, e.g. VolumeUtilization.
- `path` (String) Path to monitor for this threshold. This should be the full EDB path to the table containing the field you wish to trigger a threshold on.
For example, to monitor the utilization field of the component volume table, you would use `.namespace.node.normal.components_eda_nokia_com.v1.controlmodule.volume`, and set field to `utilization`.
- `resource` (Attributes) Which resource to associate with this threshold. This overrides the destination resource in alarms raised as a result of threshold breaches.
By default a resource will attempt to be derived based on the monitored path. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--resource))
- `thresholds` (Attributes) Severities and their associated values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--thresholds))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--alarm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.alarm`

Optional:

- `description` (String) The description of the alarm.
- `probable_cause` (String) The probable cause of the alarm.
- `remedial_action` (String) The remedial action for the alarm.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.resource`

Optional:

- `group` (String) The group of the resource to monitor.
- `kind` (String) The kind of resource to monitor.
- `name` (String) The name of the resource to monitor.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.thresholds`

Optional:

- `critical_threshold` (Number) The minimum average utilization over the last 1 minute to trigger a critical alarm.
This value must be greater than the majorThreshold.
- `delta` (Number) The delta value for clearing a threshold.
For example, with a critical threshold of 90, direction of Rising and a delta of 5, the critical alarm will clear when the utilization drops below 85.
- `direction` (String) Direction of the threshold: "Rising" or "Falling".
- `major_threshold` (Number) The minimum average utilization over the last 1 minute to trigger a major alarm.
This value must be greater than the minorThreshold.
- `minor_threshold` (Number) The minimum average utilization over the last 1 minute to trigger a minor alarm.
- `warning_threshold` (Number) The minimum average utilization over the last 1 minute to trigger a warning alarm.



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
