---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oam-v1alpha1_threshold Resource - oam-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# oam-v1alpha1_threshold (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) A Threshold allows you to monitor a field in EDB and trigger severity-correct alarms based on the value of that field.
By using EDB as a source you are able to trigger thresholds on any published field from a TopoNode, or any other EDB source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String) name of the Threshold
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate
- `status` (Attributes) ThresholdStatus defines the observed state of Threshold (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `field` (String) Field to monitor for this threshold, for example `utilization`. Only a single field may be monitored per threshold. This field must be present in the table specified by the path.
The field specified should be an integer field that can be compared to the specified thresholds. Nested fields are supported, for example `utilization.value` would monitor the value field inside of the nested object with key `utilization`.
- `name` (String) The name of this threshold. This name will be used to generate the alarm name, so should follow CamelCase conventions, e.g. VolumeUtilization.
- `path` (String) Path to monitor for this threshold. This should be the full EDB path (without keys) to the table containing the field you wish to trigger a threshold on.
For example, to monitor the utilization field of the component volume table, you would use `.namespace.node.normal.components_eda_nokia_com.v1.controlmodule.volume`, and set field to `utilization`.
- `thresholds` (Attributes) Severities and their associated values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--thresholds))

Optional:

- `alarm` (Attributes) Alarm details for this threshold. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--alarm))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable this threshold.
- `generate_overlay` (Boolean) Enable or disable generation of a topology overlay for this threshold.
This functionality is only supported for paths in the .namespace.node table.
- `resource` (Attributes) Manually assign a resource to associate with this threshold. This overrides the destination resource in alarms raised as a result of threshold breaches.
By default a resource will be raised against the threshold resource itself. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.thresholds`

Optional:

- `critical_threshold` (Number) The minimum average utilization over the last 1 minute to trigger a critical alarm.
This value must be greater than the majorThreshold.
- `delta` (Number) The delta value for clearing a threshold.
For example, with a critical threshold of 90, direction of Rising and a delta of 5, the critical alarm will clear when the utilization drops below 85.
- `direction` (String) Direction of the threshold: "Rising" or "Falling".
- `major_threshold` (Number) The minimum average utilization over the last 1 minute to trigger a major alarm.
This value must be greater than the minorThreshold.
- `minor_threshold` (Number) The minimum average utilization over the last 1 minute to trigger a minor alarm.
- `warning_threshold` (Number) The minimum average utilization over the last 1 minute to trigger a warning alarm.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--alarm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.alarm`

Optional:

- `description` (String) The description of the alarm.
- `probable_cause` (String) The probable cause of the alarm.
- `remedial_action` (String) The remedial action for the alarm.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource`

Required:

- `group` (String) The group of the resource raise alarms against, should any thresholds be breached.
- `kind` (String) The kind of resource to raise alarms against, should any thresholds be breached.
- `name` (String) The name of the resource to raise alarms against, should any thresholds be breached.



<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Optional:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Optional:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`
